## Introduction

These terms of service (the "Terms") cover your access and use of Server
Operator’s ("Administrator", "we", or "us") instance, located at vmst.io (the
"Instance"). These Terms apply solely to your use of the Instance as operated
by the Administrator. Please note that we have no affiliation with Mastodon
gGmbH (“Mastodon”) and these Terms do not contain any representations or
warranties or other promises from Mastodon about your use of the Instance. If
you would like to contact us for any reason, please direct all questions,
comments, concerns and notices to us by following the instructions provided in
the Notice section below.

Please read these Terms carefully before using the Instance as they contain
important information about your interactions with the Instance. We may have
other policies that apply to your use of the Instance and that are incorporated
into these Terms. You should also read these policies before using the Instance.

## Age Requirements and Responsibility of Parents and Legal Guardians

By accessing the Instance, you signify that you are at least thirteen years old
and that you meet the minimum age required by the laws in your country. If you
are old enough to access the Instance in your country, but are not old enough to
have the legal authority to consent to our Terms, please ask your parent or
legal guardian to read these Terms with you, as they must agree to the Terms on
your behalf. If you are a parent or legal guardian who has accepted these terms
on your child’s behalf, these terms apply to you and you are responsible for
your child’s activities on the Instance.

## Prohibited Uses

You are fully responsible for your activities while using the Instance,
including any content, information or other materials you post or upload to the
Instance, and you bear all risks associated with use of the Instance. By
agreeing to these Terms, you agree to comply with all applicable federal, state,
and local laws and regulations in connection with your use of the Instance. You
also agree not to use the Instance to engage in any prohibited conduct, or to
assist any other person or entity in engaging in any prohibited conduct.

We reserve the right (but do not have the obligation) in our sole discretion to:
(1) monitor the Instance for violations of these Terms; (2) take appropriate
legal action against anyone who uses or accesses the Instance in a manner that
we believe violates the law or these Terms, including without limitation,
reporting such user to law enforcement authorities; (3) deny access to the
Instance or any features of the Instance to anyone who violates these Terms or
who we believe interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our Instance or
infringes the rights of others; and (4) otherwise manage the Instance in a
manner designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper
functioning of the Instance.

You are prohibited from using the Instance for the commission of harmful or
illegal activities. Accordingly, you may not, or assist any other person to (or
attempt to):

- Violate these Terms or other policies and terms posted on, or otherwise applicable to, the Instance
- Upload any material, program, or software that contains any virus, worm, spyware, Trojan horse or other program or code designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Instance, launch a denial of service attack, or in any other way attempt to interfere with the functioning and availability of the Instance
- Except as may be the result of standard search engine or Internet browser usage, use, launch, develop, or distribute any automated system, including without limitation, any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, offline reader, or any data mining or similar data gathering extraction tools to access the Instance, or use or launch any unauthorized script or other software; Interfere with, disable, vandalize or disrupt the Instance or servers or networks connected to the Instance
- Hack into, penetrate, disable, or otherwise circumvent the security measures of the Instance or servers or networks connected to the Instance
- Otherwise use the Instance in any way that violates any applicable national, federal, state, local or international law or regulation.

## Intellectual Property

The Instance contains content provided by its users, including you, such as
text, photos, videos, audio, links, and streams (“Content”). When you submit
Content to the Instance, you represent and warrant that you have all of the
rights, power, and authority necessary to grant the rights to the Content
contained within these Terms. Because you alone are responsible for the Content
that you submit to the Instance, you may expose yourself to liability from third
parties if you post or share such Content without all necessary rights.

You retain all ownership rights you have in the Content that you submit to the
Instance, but you grant us a limited, non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable,
royalty-free, perpetual license to use, copy, store, display, share, distribute,
communicate and transfer the Content in ways that are consistent with your use
of the Instance. To the fullest extent possible, you agree to waive or promise
not to assert against the Administrator all moral rights you may have in the
Content to the extent those rights are necessary for the Administrator to host
the Content on the Instance.

## DMCA Copyright Infringement Notice

We have implemented the procedures described in the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act of 1998 ("DMCA"), 17 U.S.C. § 512 , regarding the reporting of alleged
copyright infringement and the removal of or disabling access to infringing
material. If you have a good faith belief that copyrighted material on the
Instance is being used in a way that infringes a copyright over which you are
authorized to act, you may make a Notice of Infringing Material. If you have a
good faith belief that copyrighted material that was removed or access to which
was disabled was a result of a mistake or misidentification, then you may make a
Notice of Counter-Notification.

Before serving a Notice of Infringing Material or Counter-Notification, you may
wish to contact a lawyer to better understand your rights and obligations under
the DMCA and other applicable laws. For example, if your Notice or
Counter-Notifications fails to comply with all requirements of sections
512(c)(3) or 512(g)(3), respectively, your Notice or Counter-Notification may
not be effective.

### Termination of Repeat Infringers

We will terminate or disable your use of the Instance in appropriate
circumstances if you are deemed by us to be a repeat copyright infringer.

### Notices and Counter-Notifications must be sent to:

DMCA Agent: Copyright Manager

Address: Available upon direct request

Email: vmstan@vmst.io

## Disclaimer

Administrator reserves the right in our sole discretion to modify or
discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Instance (or any part thereof) with
or without notice to you. You agree that Administrator will not be liable to
you or to any third party for any modification or discontinuance of the
Instance, except as set forth in the "Limitation of Liability" section below.

You understand that we are not responsible for any activities or legal
consequences of your use of the Instance. Users are responsible for using the
Instance in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the
jurisdictions in which such users are domiciled, reside, or are located at the
time of such access or use, as well as these Terms. Any violation of these
Terms may result in the suspension or termination by us, in our sole discretion,
of your access to and use of the Instance.

## Limitation of Liability

In no event will Administrator’s total liability to you for all damages, losses,
or causes of action exceed one hundred dollars ($100). If you are dissatisfied
with the Instance or with these Terms, your sole remedy is to discontinue your
use of the Instance.

## Links to and From Other Websites

You may gain access to other websites and Instances via links on the Instance. 
These Terms apply to the Instance only and do not apply to Mastodon, other
Instances, or other parties' websites. Similarly, you may have come to the
Instance via a link from another website or Instance. The terms of use of other
websites and Instances do not apply to the Instance. Administrator assumes no
responsibility for any terms of use or material outside of the Instance accessed
via any link. You are free to establish a hypertext link to the Instance so
long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your website,
instance or service by Administrator or the Instance. Unless expressly agreed
to by us in writing, reference to any of our products, services, processes or
other information, by trade name, trademark, logo, or otherwise by you or any
third party does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or
recommendation thereof by us. You may not, without our prior written
permission, scrape the Instance or incorporate into another website or other
service any of our material, content or intellectual property, unless you are
otherwise permitted by us to do so in accordance with a license or subject to
separate terms.

## Choice of Law 

Any and all claims related to or arising out of your use of, or access to the
Instance shall be governed by internal substantive laws of the State of Kansas in all
respects, without regard for the jurisdiction or forum in which you are
domiciled, reside, or located at the time of such access or use.

## Waiver and Severability 

If you do not comply with a portion of these Terms and we do not take action
right away, this does not mean we are giving up any of our rights under these
Terms. If any part of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator, the remainder of the Terms
shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law.

## Notices

All notices to Administrator under these Terms, unless otherwise specified shall
be sent to vmstan@vmst.io. Service of any notice will be deemed given on the
date of receipt delivered by email.

## Changes to these Terms

We may change or modify these Terms by posting a revised version on the
Instance, or by otherwise providing notice to you, and will state at the top of
the revised Terms the date they were last revised. Changes will not apply
retroactively and will become effective no earlier than fourteen (14) calendar
days after they are posted, except for changes addressing changes made for legal
reasons, which will be effective immediately. Your continued use of the
Instance after any change means you agree to the new Terms.
