---
title: Funding
description: How can I help?
---

# Funding

Running a full featured, highly available and performant Mastodon instance [costs money](/funding/costs). We don't have investors, run ads, or sell your data.
vmst·io is funded by the membership of the instance.
Without you, we don't exist.

While access to your account does not _require_ a paid subscription, for those that can afford it we have options to help cover the cost our operations:

New monthly subscriptions are preferred through Ko-Fi.
:button-link[Fund with Ko-Fi]{icon="cib:ko-fi" href="https://ko-fi.com/vmstio" blank}

Legacy monthly subscriptions can be managed through Patreon.
:button-link[Fund with Patreon]{icon="cib:patreon" href="https://www.patreon.com/vmstan" blank}

You can also make one-time contributions using either Ko-Fi.

## Subscription Tiers

| **Tier**       | **Monthly**     | **Benefits** |
|----------------|-----------------|---|
| **Red**        | **$2**          | First time shout-out plus profile badge |
| **Blue**       | **$4**          | First time & recurring shout-out plus profile badge |
| **Purple**     | **$8**          | First time & recurring shout-out, plus profile badge and [listed here](/funding/purple) |
| **Chartreuse** | **$14**         | First time & recurring shout-out, plus profile badge and [listed here](/funding/purple) |
| **Tartan**     | **$24**         | First time & recurring shout-out, plus profile badge and [listed here](/funding/purple) |

The Chartreuse and Tartan tiers feature the immense gratitude of the server team.

### Contribution Benefits

Everyone who helps fund our operations gets their first contribution posted by our [@funding](https://vmst.io/@funding) bot.

* Red tier and higher get a green "Subscriber" badge on the user profile visible to other vmst.io members.
* Those who sign up for Blue tier or higher will be included in a monthly shoutout post by <a rel="me" href="https://vmst.io/@vmstan">@vmstan</a>.
* Purple and above are listed on a [dedicated page here](/funding/purple).

Members who provide financial support are still subject to the same [rules of the road](/rules) that all members must follow.

The real difference between the tiers is how much you feel your usage of the platform is worth.

## Merch

We have some stylish merchandise available through Cotton Bureau, featuring our "Toots In / Toots Out" logo.
T-shirts, sweatshirts and tank tops, starting at $25.

:button-link[Style via Cotton Bureau]{icon="tabler:shirt" href="https://cottonbureau.com/p/5HW79D/shirt/toots-in-toots-out#/16696321/tee-men-standard-tee-purple-rush-100percent-cotton-s" blank}