---
title: Rules
---

# Rules

|                 |                                                                          |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Harassment      | No harassment, [dogpiling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dogpiling_(Internet)) or [doxxing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doxing) of other users. |
| Impersonation   | No impersonation of other people, companies, organizations, brands, etc. |
| Bigotry         | No racism, sexism, homophobia, transphobia, xenophobia, or casteism.     |
| Extremism       | No incitement of violence or advocacy of violent acts/ideologies.        |
| SPAM            | No advertising, spam or excessive promotion.                             |
| Sexual/Violence | No sexually explicit or graphically violent media.                       |
| Disinformation  | No intentionally false or misleading information.                        |

## Rule Violations

If you find content that is in violation of the Server Rules, please [report the offending account](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/user/moderating/#report).

You may also [take other actions](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/user/moderating/) on your own, such as muting or blocking the account, or the entire domain/instance.

### Moderation Process

We have documented our [moderation process](/rules/process) to be as open as possible.

### Defederation

We "defederate" vmst·io from other instances that are incompatible with our fundamental rules, in an effort to protect our users and limit our liability.
The decision to defederate can come from reports by our users but is also based on community discussion around such bad actors, including the perodic import of community maintained blocklists.
We would rather be proactive in blocking bad actors versus waiting for abuse to happen.

We list all defederated instances at [vmst.io/about](https://vmst.io/about), but also periodically post the full listing in CSV format on our GitHub.

:button-link[Download Blocklist]{icon="mdi:file-download-outline" href="https://github.com/vmstan/vmstio/blob/main/domain_blocks.csv" blank}

This list includes domains that may contain offensive language or illegal material, and as a result the domains are marked as sensitive.
Posting the list as a CSV file allows other instance administrators to easily import our blocklist or compare it against their own.

#### Blocklist Imports

We believe community maintained blocklists serve an important purpose to help jumpstart the protection of users.

The foundation of our defederation list is the [Oliphant Blocklist](https://codeberg.org/oliphant/blocklists) at [Tier 0](https://codeberg.org/oliphant/blocklists/src/branch/main/blocklists/_unified_tier0_blocklist.csv).
We also incorporate the [Tier 1 blocklist](https://codeberg.org/oliphant/blocklists/src/branch/main/blocklists/_unified_tier1_blocklist.csv) after careful review and application of our local whitelist.

Consensus based lists should have a high number of members to prevent the decisions of one or two administrators from imposing their will on the rest of the Fediverse.
Due to what we perceive as a high number of false positives in the Tier 2 list, with its low consensus threshold, we do not import at that tier.

As part of our import process we perform an activity check on the domain.
If the domain is not currently an ActivityPub endpoint, it is ignored.
We run this import process on a regular basis.
If a previously failed domain in the blocklist come back online, they are incorporated back into our defederation list.

### Reporting

If during your use of the platform, you find another instance that you think needs to be restricted from interacting with ours **or** if you feel that another instance may have been blocked by our staff in error, please file an issue on our [GitHub](https://github.com/vmstan/mastodon/issues/new/choose).
If you'd feel more comfortable, you can also reach out to one or more of our staff directly via direct message.

## Brand Accounts

Please see our policy page on [Brand & Bot](/rules/brands) accounts.

## Our Discretion

We want to foster an open discussion where **everyone** feels welcome.
The rules are meant to be clear and direct, but the staff of this instance has ultimate discretion on how they are enforced.
We may alter to these rules as needed, but will make an effort to notify you of any major change.

If you are found to be in violation, the staff may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and including expulsion from the instance.

## Following Norms

There are certain "norms" of Mastodon, and the wider "Fediverse" that you'll be expected to follow while a member of this instance.

For example, include [content warnings](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/user/posting/#cw) when necessary, mark media as [sensitive](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/user/posting/#cw) as appropriate, and regularly use [descriptive text](https://docs.joinmastodon.org/user/posting/#edit) (or "Alt Text") for image uploads.

Some of these norms may be different than what you're used to on other platforms.
While failure to use these these are not strictly moderation worth events, we do ask that you respect and try and conform to these norms as you explore and grow on the platform.
